README.md, before:

![OctAPI Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hasbi-sabah/OctAPI/master/resources/banner.png)

<table style="border-collapse: collapse; vertical-align: middle;">
  <tr>
    <td style="border: none;"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hasbi-sabah/OctAPI/master/resources/octapi_logo.png" width="50"></td>
    <td style="border: none; vertical-align: middle;"><h1 style="margin: 0;">OctAPI – API Route Explorer for VS Code</h1></td>
  </tr>
</table>

**Effortlessly visualize and navigate your API routes – directly in VS Code.**

---

### Demo

![OctAPI Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hasbi-sabah/OctAPI/master/resources/octapi_demo.gif)

---

## Features

OctAPI provides a seamless way to explore and manage your API routes within Visual Studio Code. Here are its key features:

- **Smart Route Detection** – Scans all files within a user-defined directory to identify API routes.
- **Framework Support** – Works with Express, NestJS, and Koa, with Python frameworks coming soon.
- **Jump to Code** – Clicking a route takes you directly to the exact line where it's defined.
- **Quick Copy** – Hover over a route to reveal a copy button for quick copying.
- **Flexible Organization** – Toggle between grouping by basepath or HTTP method.
- **Native Sidebar Integration** – View all detected routes directly in VS Code’s sidebar.

---

## 🛠 Report Issues & Give Feedback

Have a suggestion or found a bug? Let us know!  
👉 [Submit feedback here](https://forms.gle/4BuPRUAzjA2JBpjd8)  

---

## Requirements

- **Visual Studio Code**: Ensure you have VS Code installed.
- **Supported Frameworks**: Currently supports Express.js, NestJS, and Koa. Python frameworks (Flask, FastAPI, Django) are coming soon.

---

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

- `octapi.path`: Define custom search paths for route detection.
- `octapi.framework`: Set the framework for route detection.

---

## Installation

You can install OctAPI from the following sources:

### Microsoft Marketplace

1. Visit the [OctAPI extension page on the Microsoft Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=HasbiSabah.octapi).
2. Click the **Install** button.
3. Follow the prompts to install the extension in VS Code.

### Open VSX

1. Visit the [OctAPI extension page on Open VSX](https://open-vsx.org/extension/Hasbi-Sabah/octapi).
2. Click the **Install** button.
3. Follow the prompts to install the extension.

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest `.vsix` package from the [Releases](https://github.com/Hasbi-sabah/OctAPI/releases) page.
2. Open VS Code and navigate to **Extensions** (`Ctrl+Shift+X`).
3. Click the `...` menu and select **Install from VSIX...**.
4. Select the downloaded file and install it.
5. Reload VS Code if needed.

---

## Known Issues

- Python framework support is still in progress.
- Large codebases may experience slower scanning times.

---

## Release Notes

### v0.0.3

- Added a **copy button** on hover for quick route copying.
- Added a **feedback link** for reporting bugs and suggestions.
- Fixed a **file watching bug** where route updates were triggered incorrectly outside the specified paths.
- Removed **unnecessary console logs**.

### v0.0.2

- Removed extra files to streamline the project.
- Cleaned up heavy, unused dependencies for a lighter extension.

### v0.0.1

- Initial release of OctAPI.
- Supports Express.js, NestJS, and Koa frameworks.
- Automatic route detection and clickable routes.

---

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Here's how you can help:

1. **Fork** the repo.
2. Create a **feature branch** (`git checkout -b feature-name`).
3. Commit changes (`git commit -m "Describe feature"`).
4. Push to your branch (`git push origin feature-name`).
5. Open a **Pull Request**.

---

## License

Licensed under the **Apache 2.0 License**. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

---

## Contact

- **Author**: Hasbi Sabah
- **Email**: sabahhasbi00@gmail.com
- **GitHub**: [Hasbi-sabah](https://github.com/Hasbi-sabah)

---

**🚀 OctAPI – Stop searching, start coding.**

Commit message:

Add Flask support for route detection; update README and changelog; conditional basepath button visibility

README.md, after:

![OctAPI Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hasbi-sabah/OctAPI/master/resources/banner.png)

<table style="border-collapse: collapse; vertical-align: middle;">
  <tr>
    <td style="border: none;"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hasbi-sabah/OctAPI/master/resources/octapi_logo.png" width="50"></td>
    <td style="border: none; vertical-align: middle;"><h1 style="margin: 0;">OctAPI – API Route Explorer for VS Code</h1></td>
  </tr>
</table>

**Effortlessly visualize and navigate your API routes – directly in VS Code.**

---

### Demo

![OctAPI Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hasbi-sabah/OctAPI/master/resources/octapi_demo.gif)

---

## Features

OctAPI provides a seamless way to explore and manage your API routes within Visual Studio Code. Here are its key features:

- **Smart Route Detection** – Scans all files within a user-defined directory to identify API routes.
- **Framework Support** – Works with Express, NestJS, Koa, and Flask.
- **Jump to Code** – Clicking a route takes you directly to the exact line where it's defined.
- **Quick Copy** – Hover over a route to reveal a copy button for quick copying.
- **Flexible Organization** – Toggle between grouping by basepath or HTTP method.
- **Native Sidebar Integration** – View all detected routes directly in VS Code’s sidebar.

---

## 🛠 Report Issues & Give Feedback

Have a suggestion or found a bug? Let us know!  
👉 [Submit feedback here](https://forms.gle/4BuPRUAzjA2JBpjd8)  

---

## Requirements

- **Visual Studio Code**: Ensure you have VS Code installed.
- **Supported Frameworks**: Currently supports Express.js, NestJS, Koa, and Flask.

---

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

- `octapi.path`: Define custom search paths for route detection.
- `octapi.framework`: Set the framework for route detection.

---

## Installation

You can install OctAPI from the following sources:

### Microsoft Marketplace

1. Visit the [OctAPI extension page on the Microsoft Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=HasbiSabah.octapi).
2. Click the **Install** button.
3. Follow the prompts to install the extension in VS Code.

### Open VSX

1. Visit the [OctAPI extension page on Open VSX](https://open-vsx.org/extension/Hasbi-Sabah/octapi).
2. Click the **Install** button.
3. Follow the prompts to install the extension.

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest `.vsix` package from the [Releases](https://github.com/Hasbi-sabah/OctAPI/releases) page.
2. Open VS Code and navigate to **Extensions** (`Ctrl+Shift+X`).
3. Click the `...` menu and select **Install from VSIX...**.
4. Select the downloaded file and install it.
5. Reload VS Code if needed.

---

## Known Issues

- More Python framework support is still in progress.
- Large codebases may experience slower scanning times.

---

## Release Notes

### v0.1.0

- Added **Flask support** for automatic route detection, including both decorator-based and class-based routes.
- The **Group by Basepath** button now only appears when multiple basepaths exist.

### v0.0.3

- Added a **copy button** on hover for quick route copying.
- Added a **feedback link** for reporting bugs and suggestions.
- Fixed a **file watching bug** where route updates were triggered incorrectly outside the specified paths.
- Removed **unnecessary console logs**.

### v0.0.2

- Removed extra files to streamline the project.
- Cleaned up heavy, unused dependencies for a lighter extension.

### v0.0.1

- Initial release of OctAPI.
- Supports Express.js, NestJS, and Koa frameworks.
- Automatic route detection and clickable routes.

---

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Here's how you can help:

1. **Fork** the repo.
2. Create a **feature branch** (`git checkout -b feature-name`).
3. Commit changes (`git commit -m "Describe feature"`).
4. Push to your branch (`git push origin feature-name`).
5. Open a **Pull Request**.

---

## License

Licensed under the **Apache 2.0 License**. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

---

## Contact

- **Author**: Hasbi Sabah
- **Email**: sabahhasbi00@gmail.com
- **GitHub**: [Hasbi-sabah](https://github.com/Hasbi-sabah)

---

**🚀 OctAPI – Stop searching, start coding.**
